Sunset legacy libraries (#7498)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/net/quickstart.md

---
title: 'Quickstart: ASP.NET'
custom_ranking:
  heading: 0
  position: 99999
---

> > warning "End-of-Support Announcement for Analytics.NET - March 2026"
> > The end-of-support (EoS) for the Analytics.NET SDK is scheduled for March 2026. Segment's future development efforts concentrate on the new [Analytics-CSharp](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/csharp/) SDK. If you'd like to migrate to Analytics-CSharp, see the [migration guide](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/csharp/migration-guide/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> warning "End-of-Support for Analytics.NET in March 2026"
> End-of-support for the Analytics.NET SDK is scheduled for March 2026. Segment's future development efforts concentrate on the new [Analytics-CSharp](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/csharp/) SDK. If you'd like to migrate to Analytics-CSharp, see the [migration guide](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/csharp/migration-guide/).
```
